[CI:DOCS] UPDATE manpages with MANPAGE_SYNTAX (#10676)
containers/podman: docs/MANPAGE_SYNTAX.md

podman\-command - short description

## SYNOPSIS
(Shows the command structure. If the command can be written in two different ways, both of them have to be shown.\

> Many manpages include the OPTIONS **--all**, **-a** and/or **--latest**, **-l**. In this case there is no `container name` or `ID` needed after the initial command. Because most of the other OPTIONS still need the `container name` or ` ID`, it is defined that the *container* argument in the command should **not** be put in brackets. It should also be noted in the *IMPORTANT* section in the description of the OPTION with the following sentence: *IMPORTANT: This OPTION does not need a container name or ID as input argument.*.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many manpages include the OPTIONS **--all**, **-a** and/or **--latest**, **-l**. In this case, there is no `container name` or `ID` needed after the initial command. Because most of the other OPTIONS still need the `container name` or ` ID`, it is defined that the *container* argument in the command should **not** be put in brackets. It should also be noted in the *IMPORTANT* section in the description of the OPTION with the following sentence: *IMPORTANT: This OPTION does not need a container name or ID as input argument.*.)
```

## DESCRIPTION
**podman command** is always the beginning of the DESCRIPTION section. Putting the command as the first part of the DESCRIPTION ensures uniformity. All commands mentioned in the text retain their appearance and form.\
Example for the first sentence: **podman command** is an example command.

Commands or files that are quoted from other podman manpages or podman repositories have to be linked to those. Non-podman commands are not to be linked.\
Example sentence: Use **[podman-run](podman-run.1.md)** or **[containers.conf(5)](https://github.com/containers/common/blob/master/docs/containers.conf.5.md)** for the problem.

> It should also be specified if the command can only be run as root. In addition, it should be described when a command, OPTION, or other content cannot be executed with the remote client or in combination with other commands, OPTIONS, or content. In this case, the following sentence is put at the end of a command, OPTION, or content: *IMPORTANT: This OPTION/command/other is not available with the command/OPTION/content/remote Podman client*. For a command, this should be done in the DESCRIPTION section. For the OPTIONS, it should be done in the DESCRIPTION of the specified OPTION.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should also be specified if the command can only be run as root. In addition, it should be described when a command, OPTION, or other content cannot be executed with the remote client or in combination with other commands, OPTIONS, or content. In this case, the following sentence is put at the end of a command, OPTION, or content: *IMPORTANT: This command/OPTION/content/other is not available with the command/OPTION/content/other on the remote Podman client*. For a command, this should be done in the DESCRIPTION section. For the OPTIONS, it should be done in the DESCRIPTION of the specified OPTION.
```

Do not use pronouns in the man pages, especially the word `you`.

There should be **no** new line after H2-headers (`##`).

## OPTIONS
All flags are referred to as OPTIONS. The term flags should not be used. All OPTIONS are listed in this section. OPTIONS that appear in descriptions of other OPTIONS and sections retain their appearance, for example: **--exit**.

OPTIONS that are quoted from other podman manpages or podman repositories have to be linked to those.\
Example sentence: Use **[podman-generate-systemd --new](./source/markdown/podman-generate-systemd.1.md#--new)** for the problem.

>  Each OPTION should be explained to the fullest extent below the OPTION itself. Each OPTION is behind an H4-header (`####`). If the OPTION has a default argument, it has to be explained in the description of the OPTION. If the OPTION is also not available with a command/OPTION/content/remote Podman client, the sentence about the default argument should the second to last sentence. The sentence about the default argument should be in a new line as well as the *IMPORTANT* sentence.

Reviewer: I think you mean "on the remote" here and above....

```suggestion
 Each OPTION should be explained to the fullest extent below the OPTION itself. Each OPTION is behind an H4-header (`####`). If the OPTION has a default argument, it has to be explained in the description of the OPTION. If the OPTION is also not available with a command/OPTION/content/ on the remote Podman client, the sentence about the default argument should the second to last sentence. The sentence about the default argument should be in a new line as well as the *IMPORTANT* sentence.
```

 All OPTIONS are to be sorted in alphabetical order.

>  Tables should be used when there is a different definition for different arguments and these have to be explained. This is shown with the OPTION **--test**.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Tables should be used when there is a different definition for multiple arguments, and these have to be explained. This is shown with the OPTION **--test**.\
```

 Lists should be used when arguments are used that do not need a definition for each argument and a single description explains them. An example is shown with **[podman-commit --change](./source/markdown/podman-commit.1.md#--change--cinstruction)**

#### **--version**, **-v**

OPTIONS can be put after the command in two different ways. Either the long version with **--option** or as the short version **-o**. If there are two ways to write an OPTION they are separated by a comma. If there are two versions of one command the long version is always shown in front. If the arguments behind the OPTION are boolean, it is not shown behind the OPTION itself. The default boolean argument is shown in the same way normal default arguments are displayed.\
Example: The default is **false**.\
*IMPORTANT: This OPTION is not available with the remote Podman client.*

#### **--exit**

An example of an OPTION that has only one possible structure. Thus, it cannot be executed by the extension **-e**.

#### **--answer**=, **-a**=**active** | *disable*

> The **--answer** OPTION above is an example of an OPTION that accepts two possible arguments as inputs. If there is a default argument that is selected when the OPTION is not used in the command, it is shown in **bold**. If the OPTION is used it must include an argument afterwards. It must always be ensured that the standard argument is in the first position after the OPTION. In this example, there are two different ways to execute the command. Both possible OPTIONS have to be shown with the arguments following them.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **--answer** OPTION above is an example of an OPTION that accepts two possible arguments as inputs. If a default argument is selected when the OPTION is not used in the command, it is shown in **bold**. If the OPTION is used, it must include an argument afterward. It must always be ensured that the standard argument is in the first position after the OPTION. In this example, there are two different ways to execute the command. Both possible OPTIONS have to be shown with the arguments following them.\
```

The default value is shown as **active**.

#### **--status**=**good** | *better* | *best*

> This is an example of three arguments following an OPTION. If the number of arguments is greater than three, the arguments are **not** listed after the equal sign. The arguments have to be shown in a table like in **--test**=**_test_**. This form should also be used if the understanding of the content is in danger of becoming incomprehensible. An example for this is **[podman-container-prune --filters](./source/markdown/podman-container-prune.1.md#--filterfilters)**.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of three arguments following an OPTION. If the number of arguments is greater than three, the arguments are **not** listed after the equal sign. The arguments must be shown in a table like in **--test**=**_test_**. This form should also be used if the understanding of the content is in danger of becoming incomprehensible. An example for this is **[podman-container-prune --filters](./source/markdown/podman-container-prune.1.md#--filterfilters)**.\
```

The default value is shown as **good**.

#### **--test**=**test**

> OPTIONS that are followed by an equal sign include an argument after the equal sign in **bold** or *italic*. If there is a default argument, that is used if the OPTION is not specified in the command, the argument after the equal sign is displayed in **bold**. All arguments must be listed and explained in the text below the OPTION.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPTIONS that are followed by an equal sign include an argument after the equal sign in **bold** or *italic*. If there is a default argument that is used if the OPTION is not specified in the command, the argument after the equal sign is displayed in **bold**. All arguments must be listed and explained in the text below the OPTION.
```

| *example four*     | Example: Can be combined with **--exit**.                                   |
| *example five*     | The fifth description                                                       |

> The table shows an example for a listing of arguments. The contents in the table should be aligned left. If the content in the table conflicts with this, it can be aligned in a way that supports the understanding of the content. If there is a default argument, it **must** listed as the first entry in the table.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table shows an example for a listing of arguments. The contents in the table should be aligned left. If the content in the table conflicts with this, it can be aligned to support the understanding of the content. If there is a default argument, it **must** be listed as the first entry in the table.\
```

Example:\
December 2021, Originally compiled by Alexander Richter <example@redhat.com>

> `A new line is needed of the end of every manpage.`

Reviewer: I like the thought, but it might cause havoc in some of our CI systems under the Containers umbrella.  @mheon or @edsantiago, do you know if the Podman CI would spit up with a blank line at the end of a man page?  I think so, but don't know for a fact.

Author: I don't mean that a new line is needed after the line break of the last "topic", I just wanted to clarify that at the end of every manpage there should be an empty line.
I will rephrase it.
